doc: Changes regarding env variables (#10)
e-id-admin/public-sandbox-trustinfrastructure: cookbook/README.md

> The following steps should be performed in a stable-environment
<details>

<summary>Hints regarding the stable environment / DID generated by providing a seed</summary>

> Your stable environment must have ACA-Py accessible directly from the internet. This must be configured in the environment variable ACAPY_ENDPOINT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your stable environment must have the issuer-agent accessible directly from the internet. This must be configured in the environment variable ACAPY_ENDPOINT.
```
